---
layout: post
title: My most recent attempts to write
---
As part of a self study practice to improve my writing, I'm required to write about my recent attempts to write. What I write should not be polished and I should not edit and revise it. So, here we go.

Recently, I've been trying to write about some of my experience about moving to and living in the USA. In my thoughts that usually are never put on the paper, I constantly think about writing problems that I've had as an absolutely newcomer to the USA. I want to  write how getting to know the telephone and communications system was tough for me, how I had problems when I wanted to select my retirement plan, how it was difficult for me to select one brand of bread/milk/jam among the many different brands that you can find in all stores here, and other similar problems that every newcomer would have. But that is not all I'm intended to write about. I also wanted to write about things that are different here from my home country. I wanted to write that people call each other by their first names, all cars stop when you want to pass streets, most houses are not convenient, etc.

Despite the fact that differences between my home country and this place are extreme, I'm sure that in a few years from now, I'll forget all the differences. For example, when I first arrived in the USA, I was amazed by the number of people who have some kind of beverages in their hands. A lot of students bring coffee to the class. Even a number of professors do that, too. American professors, do but I have not seen Indian, Chinese, or European professors doing that. This difference smashed me in the face when I first arrived here, but now I even barely notice it.

Mostly, differences are subtle or unimportant, but sometimes they are deep. To be honest some differences make me sad, really really sad. For instance, when before the football game between Michigan and OSU some students jumped in the Mirror Lake, it made me pathetically sad. I recalled the event in my home country in "Park e Ab o Atash" in summer 2011 during which some people splashed water on each other. The reaction of the government and police and media (and even the parliament) to that event was nothing but embarrassing. They all denounced it, all the people who participated in the event were arrested and police promised that it will not let such an event which is against the will of God will happen again. Here in the USA, however, before the event, the university send everyone emails, informing them that if they want to jump in the Mirror Lake, they need to take several safety measures. Doctors, ambulances, and police were provided by university such that in case someone hurts themselves, they wont be in serious trouble. I was amazed by all that was happening on that night during the Mirror Lake Jump, but at the same time I was terribly sad because I really wanted to see that people in my home country have freedom and can enjoy it
