---
layout: post
title: Generative Writing
---

I'm struggling to convince myself if I should start this process of so called "Generative Writing". I know that the main idea of the generative writing is to achieve creativity and fluency in writing by doing it regularly, the same way that an athlete or a painter masters their profession by constant practice. That is what I want to do, too. But I do not know if it is feasible.

Firstly, generative writing requires me to work regularly on a writing project. The problem is that right now I do not have any writing project in my hands except this web-log. I do not know how much time and energy I should dedicate to this web-blog. Sometimes I think that I should get up early in the morning every day or every weekday and write for 20 to 30 minutes. Some other times I think that this is excessive and I wont have stamina to keep up with it. Hence, I think about writing every weekend.

I'm also planing to do some light exercise in the morning that will take 20 to 25 minutes and after that I should take shower which will take 10 to 15 more minutes (I normally take shower in the afternoon). This means that the whole process of exercising and taking shower will take 30 to 40 minutes.

Since I want to make sure that I do these activities everyday, as suggested by the book, I'm planing not to use the Internet in the morning unless I have finished these activities. That's harsh and a geek like me will die without the Internet. Even a normal person nowadays cannot live without Internet. So, I'm not sure if it is a to harsh punishment for me or not.

Suppose that I manage to do all these activities successfully. Then it becomes the time for breakfast which will take another 15 to 20 minutes and 10 more minutes for cleaning up and washing. Add all the things that I should do in the morning before I get out of the house, and it becomes an hour and a half! So, if I have to be at work at 8:30, I should getup at 6 o'clock to make sure that I'll have enough time to do all the things that I want and enough time to commute to work.

Can I do that? I highly doubt. Last night I went to bed really early (before midnight). When I arrived home I simply ate and then I went to bed in hope that I'll have enough sleep to get up around 6:30. But I actually got up around 7:30 this morning and it is already 8:17 as I'm writing this very sentence. It seems that the goals are not feasible, but lets give them a try. At some point in my life I will write less for this web-log and write more academic papers in the morning as part of my job. This extra hour of work in the morning, I believe will eventually pay back.

One other thing that I should do is to make charts to keep track of my writing progress. I still do not know if I should keep paper copies of charts or use an application to keep track of them. There are some good applications for Android that help you keep track of your exercises (running and biking), but I'm not sure if there is a good one for keeping track of your writing (and swimming and morning exercises). If there is no such an application, I may have to develop one for myself and that means even more time. As far as I remember, I have actually finished a application development project for myself. I always start and at some point in the middle I convince myself that it is not worth it.
