---
layout: post
title: Perfectionism
---

There are many things that a person should do in his/her life. They should master a job to make money, they should learn sports to stay healthy, they should learn how to make friends, they should travel, they should read, they should sleep, blah blah blah. This list goes on and it never seems to end. We all know that by the time we finish a task, a whole bunch of new tasks are waiting for us. We all have TO DO list that we are sure we can never do.

There is one other problem that makes this endless everlasting list of TO DO tasks even worst for some people. Some people such as me not only do they want to do all the tasks, but also they want to do then perfectly. If they are supposed to write a report, they want to write it and they want to make it the best report ever. If they want to work out and exercise, they want to do it better than anybody else. This seems intriguing at first but it just makes things worst. Why? The reason is that we do not have enough time to do our tasks perfectly. We barely have enough time to do them. When I, as an example of such person cannot do a task in the most perfect possible manner, I feel bad. I feel there is something wrong with me. I feel I'm stupid. Then get stressed, which means my performance for doing other tasks becomes worst.

I have lived as a perfectionist all my life and at this point I'm reaching to this conclusion that I was wrong all my life. I should embrace the fact that I cannot and should not do all the tasks perfectly. As long as they are good enough, it's fine. I have already embraced this fact that I'm a human being like others and I have many faults and flaws. But I still maintain the idea that despite all my faults, I should do my best and try as hard as possible in everything. I'm missing one key point here: first I should get things done, then I should make them better.
