---
layout: post
title: How to become successful and enjoy life
---
I'm trying to find ways to become a successful person. For many reasons that we all know, being successful is associated with working hard. That is true and I believe it with whole my heart. But there is one problem with that, which is if you work hard, you will not have enough time for your personal life. You have to dedicate the time that should be dedicated for leisure to work. I, as well as any other sane person on this planet, want to be a successful person, but I also want to keep the balance in my life. Honestly, I need something more than that. I want to be successful both in my career and in my personal life. I do not want to be an ordinary man in my personal life, I want to enjoy every single moment of my life.

That sounds great, but the question is "How is that possible?".

To be honest, I don't know. If I knew, I wouldn't be writing this now. There are some ideas that I'm gonna try to see if they can help me become successful. It may take a while to examine my ideas and by "It may take a while" I mean "It will take something between 15 to 25 years". I hope my ideas work, else I would feel I've wasted several decades of my life.

Here are the things that I'm gonna do/avoid in the coming decade to see they can make me happy:

# A minimum hours per week should be dedicated to your family. Under NO circumstances these hours should be spend on anything else.
# Never eat at the your desk. Before eating always go to the dining area, stay away from work, and do not use your computer or cellphone.
# Make sure that you go out of the house eveyday even if you have nothing to do outside the house. Do it everyday even if you go out just for short walk.
# Exercise regularly every week.

These rules may look harsh to follow (and I believe they are). But I'll follow them and whenever I break my own rules, I'll write it down somewhere to remind myself (I may write it here).

