---
layout: post
title: Hypocrisy or Philanthropy
---

I heard about BuckeyeThon first in an opensource meeting. The idea of having a dance marathon to raise funds for charity seemed very intriguing to me and I was quite firm to participate in the event. But it seems the same story with not all, but many of these charitable organizations is the same story in the wonderland. I do agree that there are many people that help these charitable organizations and event just for pure sake of helping and I do appreciate their attitude and honesty. But the bitter fact is that not everyone participates in such organizations and events ingenuously and artlessly. Some people help charitable organizations to make a "resume", to show that they have leadership and management skills. At least that is how others judge them. When I asked a friend why he does not participate in these events, he said that he did not like it because when he had been in high school, some of his classmates had taken part in these events to get a better chance to go to college by showing that they had leadership skills.

That is the same story everywhere. Detail about how to make a resume could be different but the base idea is the same: "Do good to show everyone you are good", and that is hypocrisy. In some places, such as the Wonderland, the meaning of good actions is defined by state or government controlled organizations. When government shows a green light to people who assault "morally bad behaving" women, it is not surprising to see that some people assault women. There have been stories of individuals or groups who committed genocide because it is supported by state.
