---
layout: post
title: The problem with swimming
---

I've been swimming regularly for the past 8 years. It's been a fun activity and it enjoy it. My close friends how much I'm committed to swimming. If you someone is looking for me but he cannot find me, it is very likely that I'm in the swimming pool. I never stopped swimming even when I had deadlines for projects to meet, or even when I had exams.

Now, after 8 years, and after experiencing all those joyful moments of swimming, I'm thinking about giving up swimming forever! The reason is not that I do not enjoy it anymore. But the reason is that does not helping me improving my interpersonal skills. And by giving up, what I actually mean is switching to another activity, such as football, volleyball, or basketball. This does not mean that I like these activities more than swimming, too. So, why I'm thinking about giving up swimming?

The main problem with swimming is that it is a solo activity. I go to the swimming pool several times a week, I swim quite a lot, and I go back home. During almost one and a half hour that I'm in the pool, I speak with nobody. On the other hand, in basketball or football, you are a member of a team and you and your team play together as a whole. During the game you talk, you interact and you communicate. When you score, you all cheer up. When you loose a score, you all react. All these action and reactions that you do together help developing a sense of community and friendship. Developing this sense if it is not impossible, is very difficult when you swim.

Growing up as a shy, introvert, and isolated person, I already have a lot of problems communicating with others. Fortunately, these problems are much less when I speak English. During recent years, I've been pushing myself really hard to get over these problems and I've been successful to some extend. But it seems that not only does this swimming activity not help me get over my shyness and isolation, but also it makes them worst.
