---
layout: post
title: Back to spontaneous writing
---
Revival of spontaneous writing

Many years ago, when I was a saphemore, one of the best teachers that I've ever had in my life gave me a notebook and asked me to write everyday. What he asked me to do was writing without thinking. He sad that writing without thinking would help me develop my writing skills. I took the notebook and took his advice seriously. For the next 6 years I kept writing almost everyday. The result was a huge stack notebooks, one notebook per year. I was not sure how writing spontaneously could help me developm y skills, because most of what I wrote was nonesense. To my chagrin, however, it helped a lot. First of all, it removed all the fear that I had from writing. Secondly, by knowing that I was writing without thinking, I didn't expect to write good. So, during writing, I was not concerned about editing, or making my writings perfect. After several years of precticing, I was such at eases at writing that I could write several pages without any problem. At this point, without any effort, I was writing short stories that I liked. I read the stories for some of my friends and they liked my stories, too. Finally, when I was moving to the USA, I knew that I could not bring all that pile of notebooks with me and since most of what I wrote in those notebooks was ultra-private, I decided to burn them all. And I did, but before burning them all, I scanned pages that contained my short stories. My notebooks are gone now and their ashes are blown in the wind, and sooner or later I'll forget most of what I'd wrote in them, but my short stories are still with me.
