---
layout: post
title: Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome
---

During pas week a video was bruised on youtube, facebook and other social websites among Iranians. The video is actually a short movie "Dar ann souy" which roughly means on the other side. It is about a group of Iranian students who are studying in the USA. It touches difficulties and obstacles that these people have here and gives the audience a feeling about what it means for someone from Iran to go to the USA to study. Most students who leave Iran to study in the USA will never have the chance to go back home to visit their families and some of those student who go back home cannot come back to the USA to continue their studies. I personally have a friend who lost his mother last year but he could not go home.

This video was specially bruised among Iranian students and raised their feelings. Comments they left on this video reveals that how uneasy they feel. Many of them said that they cried when they watched the video.

This video made me upset, too. Partly because I have the same feeling about leaving home. I know that I cannot see my family and my friends in near future. Actually, it is likely that I wont see some of them ever. When I went to see my grandpa for the last time before leaving Iran, I said to my grandam that "I'm leaving Iran for some years to go to the USA to study." and what I meant was that "Grandpa, I think I'll never have the chance to see you again." My grandpa realized it but he remained silent.

But what made me really sad about this movie was not homesickness and nostalgia, it is some sort of post-traumatic stress that makes me feel uneasy. After I moved here, everything has been great and amazing. I'v had great time here and I've enjoyed my life. Freedom and liberty that I've found here are the most valuable and joyful things that makes life sweet and pleasant. You can be happy for literally no reason here. When I compare this with I've seen and I've live in Iran, I feel deeply sad. When I see Iranians cannot enjoy their very basic rights and cannot be happy, mainly because the idiotic regime that is ruling the country, I feel sad. I keep asking myself that why being free is such a big crime in Iran? why music dance and almost any other form of art is "inappropriate"? why they are not allowed to show affection for their beloved ones? why people in Iran are not allowed to go to park and to splash water at each other? Why they are not allowed to go to the Mellat Park in Tehran and jump in the lake in the park and have fun for sometime? And this list of why and why questions never ends. None of these activities actually hurts anybody, in contrast they help promote the sense of happiness. It makes me deeply sad when I see Iranians can be happy and can enjoy their lives, but they don't. 
